docs/metadata/data_structures/file.rst, before:

File
====

This structure can be used to hold file paths. It has two forms: a key-value string map and a scalar string.

Map Form
--------

.. describe:: name

  **Required.** An exact (ie. not regex) file path or name.

.. describe:: display

  A substitute string to be displayed instead of the file path in any generated messages, eg. the name of the mod the file belongs to. If undefined, the ``name`` key's value is used.

.. describe:: condition

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether this file data should be used: if it evaluates to true, the data is used, otherwise it is ignored. See :doc:`../conditions` for details.

Scalar Form
-----------

The scalar form is simply the value of the map form's ``name`` key. Using the scalar form is equivalent to using the map form with undefined ``display`` and ``condition`` keys.

Equality
--------

Two file data structures are equal if the lowercased values of their ``name`` keys are identical.

Examples
--------

Scalar form::

  '../obse_loader.exe'

Map form::

  name: '../obse_loader.exe'
  condition: 'version("../obse_loader.exe", "0.0.18.0", &gt;=)'
  display: 'OBSE v18+'

Commit message:

Overhaul plugin metadata types' comparison operators
Change their implementations to check full object equality, with case insensitivity for filename strings.

The filename case insensitivity doesn't extend to filenames in condition strings, as conditions are compared as strings, but the risk of duplicates due to that is much less than the risk of treating non-duplicate objects as duplicates.

docs/metadata/data_structures/file.rst, after:

File
====

This structure can be used to hold file paths. It has two forms: a key-value string map and a scalar string.

Map Form
--------

.. describe:: name

  **Required.** An exact (ie. not regex) file path or name.

.. describe:: display

  A substitute string to be displayed instead of the file path in any generated messages, eg. the name of the mod the file belongs to. If undefined, the ``name`` key's value is used.

.. describe:: condition

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether this file data should be used: if it evaluates to true, the data is used, otherwise it is ignored. See :doc:`../conditions` for details.

Scalar Form
-----------

The scalar form is simply the value of the map form's ``name`` key. Using the scalar form is equivalent to using the map form with undefined ``display`` and ``condition`` keys.

Equality
--------

Two file data structures are equal if all their fields are equal. ``name`` field
equality is case-insensitive, the other fields use case-sensitive equality.

Examples
--------

Scalar form::

  '../obse_loader.exe'

Map form::

  name: '../obse_loader.exe'
  condition: 'version("../obse_loader.exe", "0.0.18.0", &gt;=)'
  display: 'OBSE v18+'
