docs/metadata/data_structures/message.rst, before:

Message
=======

Messages are given as key-value maps.

.. describe:: type

  ``string``

  **Required.** The type string can be one of three keywords.

  .. describe:: say

    A generic message, useful for miscellaneous notes.

  .. describe:: warn

    A warning message, describing a non-critical issue with the user's mods (eg. dirty mods).

  .. describe:: error

    An error message, decribing a critical installation issue (eg. missing masters, corrupt plugins).

.. describe:: content

  ``string`` or ``localised content list``

  **Required.** Either simply a string, or a list of localised content data structures. If the latter, one of the structures must be for English.

.. describe:: condition

  ``string``

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether the message should be displayed: if it evaluates to true, the message is displayed, otherwise it is not. See :doc:`../conditions` for details.

.. describe:: subs

  ``string list``

  A list of strings to be substituted into the message content string. The content string must use numbered specifiers (``%1%``, ``%2%``, etc.), where the numbers correspond to the position of the substitution string in this list to use, to denote where these strings are to be substituted.

Message Formatting
------------------

LOOT supports formatting of messages using `GitHub Flavored Markdown`_. Support is provided by the `Marked`_ library (v0.3). Strings that get substituted into messages, such as file display names and cleaning data utility strings, also support the same formatting options.

.. _GitHub Flavored Markdown: https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown
.. _Marked: https://github.com/chjj/marked

.. _languages:

Language Support
----------------

If a message's ``content`` value is a string, the message will use the string as its content if displayed. Otherwise, the first localised content structure with a language that matches LOOT's current language will be used as the message's content if displayed. If there are no matches, then the first structure in English will be used.

Equality
--------

The equality of two message data structures is determined by comparing the values of their ``content`` keys. If a content key is a string, it is treated as a localised content list
containing a single English-language string. The two message data structures are then equal if their localised content lists are identical.

Examples
--------

*Translations by Google*

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  condition: 'file("foo.esp")'
  content:
    - lang: en
      text: 'An example link: <http://www.example.com>'
    - lang: ru
      text: 'Это пример ссылки: <http://www.example.com>'

would be displayed as

  отмечать: Это пример ссылки: http://www.example.com

if the current language was Russian and ``foo.esp`` was installed, while

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  content: 'An alternative [example link](http://www.example.com), with no translations.'

would be displayed as

  отмечать: An alternative `example link <http://www.example.com>`_, with no translations.

In English,

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  content: 'A newer version of %1% [is available](%2%).'
  subs:
    - 'this plugin'
    - 'http://www.example.com'

would be displayed as

  Note: A newer version of this plugin `is available <http://www.example.com>`_.

Commit message:

Overhaul plugin metadata types' comparison operators
Change their implementations to check full object equality, with case insensitivity for filename strings.

The filename case insensitivity doesn't extend to filenames in condition strings, as conditions are compared as strings, but the risk of duplicates due to that is much less than the risk of treating non-duplicate objects as duplicates.

docs/metadata/data_structures/message.rst, after:

Message
=======

Messages are given as key-value maps.

.. describe:: type

  ``string``

  **Required.** The type string can be one of three keywords.

  .. describe:: say

    A generic message, useful for miscellaneous notes.

  .. describe:: warn

    A warning message, describing a non-critical issue with the user's mods (eg. dirty mods).

  .. describe:: error

    An error message, decribing a critical installation issue (eg. missing masters, corrupt plugins).

.. describe:: content

  ``string`` or ``localised content list``

  **Required.** Either simply a string, or a list of localised content data structures. If the latter, one of the structures must be for English.

.. describe:: condition

  ``string``

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether the message should be displayed: if it evaluates to true, the message is displayed, otherwise it is not. See :doc:`../conditions` for details.

.. describe:: subs

  ``string list``

  A list of strings to be substituted into the message content string. The content string must use numbered specifiers (``%1%``, ``%2%``, etc.), where the numbers correspond to the position of the substitution string in this list to use, to denote where these strings are to be substituted.

Message Formatting
------------------

LOOT supports formatting of messages using `GitHub Flavored Markdown`_. Support is provided by the `Marked`_ library (v0.3). Strings that get substituted into messages, such as file display names and cleaning data utility strings, also support the same formatting options.

.. _GitHub Flavored Markdown: https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown
.. _Marked: https://github.com/chjj/marked

.. _languages:

Language Support
----------------

If a message's ``content`` value is a string, the message will use the string as its content if displayed. Otherwise, the first localised content structure with a language that matches LOOT's current language will be used as the message's content if displayed. If there are no matches, then the first structure in English will be used.

Equality
--------

Two message data structures are equal if their `type`, `content` and `condition`
fields are equal, after any `subs` values have been substituted into `content`
strings. If the `content` field is a string, it is treated as a localised
content list containing a single English-language string. String equality is
case sensitive.

Examples
--------

*Translations by Google*

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  condition: 'file("foo.esp")'
  content:
    - lang: en
      text: 'An example link: <http://www.example.com>'
    - lang: ru
      text: 'Это пример ссылки: <http://www.example.com>'

would be displayed as

  отмечать: Это пример ссылки: http://www.example.com

if the current language was Russian and ``foo.esp`` was installed, while

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  content: 'An alternative [example link](http://www.example.com), with no translations.'

would be displayed as

  отмечать: An alternative `example link <http://www.example.com>`_, with no translations.

In English,

.. code-block:: yaml

  type: say
  content: 'A newer version of %1% [is available](%2%).'
  subs:
    - 'this plugin'
    - 'http://www.example.com'

would be displayed as

  Note: A newer version of this plugin `is available <http://www.example.com>`_.
