docs/metadata/data_structures/tag.rst, before:

Tag
===

LOOT metadata files can contain suggestions for the addition or removal of Bash Tags, and this is the structure used for them. It has two forms: a key-value string map and a scalar string.

Map Form
--------

.. describe:: name

  **Required.** A Bash Tag, prefixed with a minus sign if it is suggested for removal.

.. describe:: condition

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether this Bash Tag should be suggested: if it evaluates to true, the Tag is suggested, otherwise it is ignored. See :doc:`../conditions` for details. If undefined, defaults to an empty string.

Scalar Form
-----------

The scalar form is simply the value of the map form's ``name`` key. Using the scalar form is equivalent to using the map form with an undefined ``condition`` key.

Equality
--------

Two tag data structures are equal if the values of their ``name`` keys are identical.

Examples
--------

Scalar form::

  Relations

Map form::

  name: -Relations
  condition: 'file("Mart''s Monster Mod for OOO.esm") or file("FCOM_Convergence.esm")'

Commit message:

Overhaul plugin metadata types' comparison operators
Change their implementations to check full object equality, with case insensitivity for filename strings.

The filename case insensitivity doesn't extend to filenames in condition strings, as conditions are compared as strings, but the risk of duplicates due to that is much less than the risk of treating non-duplicate objects as duplicates.

docs/metadata/data_structures/tag.rst, after:

Tag
===

LOOT metadata files can contain suggestions for the addition or removal of Bash Tags, and this is the structure used for them. It has two forms: a key-value string map and a scalar string.

Map Form
--------

.. describe:: name

  **Required.** A Bash Tag, prefixed with a minus sign if it is suggested for removal.

.. describe:: condition

  A condition string that is evaluated to determine whether this Bash Tag should be suggested: if it evaluates to true, the Tag is suggested, otherwise it is ignored. See :doc:`../conditions` for details. If undefined, defaults to an empty string.

Scalar Form
-----------

The scalar form is simply the value of the map form's ``name`` key. Using the scalar form is equivalent to using the map form with an undefined ``condition`` key.

Equality
--------

Two tag data structures are equal if all their fields are equal. String equality
is case-sensitive.

Examples
--------

Scalar form::

  Relations

Map form::

  name: -Relations
  condition: 'file("Mart''s Monster Mod for OOO.esm") or file("FCOM_Convergence.esm")'
